Vivian Renkey


Science Communicator and Multimedia Specialist


vrenkey@terpmail.umd.edu
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vivian-renkey-22444b290/
Twitter: https://x.com/vivianrenkey
GitHub: https://github.com/vrenkey


I am a science communicator that uses journalistic and multimedia skills to effectively communicate STEM topics to the public. I have extensive on-the-job experience in writing, reading, photography, videography, graphic design, and verbal communication.


Experience:


Social and Multimedia Intern
NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
Jan. 2025 - Aug. 2025
At NASA Goddard, I created content for NASA social media accounts, including NASA Goddard, NASA Hubble, and NASA Webb, across numerous different platforms, like Instagram, Facebook, X, LinkedIn, YouTube, Tumblr, Flickr, and Twitch. I also frequently photographed events, employees, and locations across NASA and published images on NASA’s website and social media. Additionally, I produced short-form and long-form video content to enhance public outreach efforts.


Social Media and Communications Intern
Harry R. Hughes Center for Agro-Ecology
June 2024 - Aug. 2024
I developed social media strategies for Hughes Center, including content planning and creation for Facebook and Instagram, while also planning, shooting, and editing outreach videos for research projects. Additionally, I helped author the Climate Vulnerability Assessment for Maryland Agriculture to present to the Maryland state legislature.


Digital Storytelling Camp Counselor
University of Maryland Philip Merrill College of Journalism
July 2024 - Aug. 2024
To help create a thriving young generation of journalists, I taught high-school campers skills in photography, video editing, audio editing, and social media outreach. My work also included creating promotional photo and video content for camp’s Instagram, including professional headshots for campers.


Freelance Photographer
Self-employed
Sept. 2019 - current
I have over five years of extensive self-employed experience in photography, mastering areas like photojournalism, studio, film, sports, portrait, nature, adventure, and event photography. My work has been professionally on numerous websites, newspapers, and events.


Education:


Bachelor of Arts, Journalism, University of Maryland, 2027


Skills:


Photography. Experience in photojournalism, studio photography, event photography, sports photography, and more. Mastered editing in Photoshop, Bridge, and Lightroom.
Videography. Produced, filmed, and edited both short-form and long-form content. Capable in special effects through Premiere Pro and After Effects.
Journalism. Experience in fast-paced newsroom environment. Worked with interviewing, AP style, and writing articles.